how to make a shielded transfer (#190)
Concordium/concordium.github.io: source/shared/net/desktop-wallet/send-shielded-amount.rst

#. Go to **Accounts**.

#. Select **Shielded balance** on the account you want to make the transfer from.

#. Select **Send**. In **Send shielded funds**, enter the amount of GTU that you want to send.

#. Select the recipient of the GTU, and then select **Continue**.

#. In the Desktop Wallet there’s a message saying **Waiting for device**. Connect the Ledger to your computer, and then enter your PIN code on the Ledger.

#. On the Ledger, there's a message saying **Concordium**. Press both buttons to open the **Concordium Ledger App**. On the Ledger, there's a message saying  **Concordium is ready**, and in the Desktop Wallet, there's a message saying **Ledger Nano S** is ready.

#. In the Desktop Wallet, select **Submit**. There’s a message saying **Waiting for the user to finish the process on the device**.

#. Press both buttons on the Ledger to confirm the following information: **Export PRF key**.

#. On the Ledger there's a message saying **Concordium is ready**, and then it says **Review transaction**. Using the right button, you now have to navigate through the following information to verify that it's correct and matches the transaction details in the Desktop Wallet:

>    -  **Encrypted amount transfer**, which is the amount that’s going to be transferred.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   -  **Encrypted amount transfer**, which is the type of transaction. As of now the Ledger cannot display the shielded amount that's going to be transferred, due to it being encrypted.
```
